I'm Rybak sportbiketrackgear.com and
today we're going to do a ride review on
the all-new Shelby Quest motorcycle
helmet let's start off with size and
weight okay I find the sizing for these
helmets to be very very standard okay I
measure 58 centimeters on the money I
wear a size medium my medium here and my
quest could be perfect okay where to
touch more on that later
really enjoyed it wait about three point
seven pounds on our digital shipping
scale Snell 2010 certified okay we found
that most the Snell 2010 helmets little
- the heavier side but Michelly
got great balance okay so I wouldn't say
that the weight of the helmet bothered
me in any way shape or form felt great
perfect balance okay let's give you a
nice 360 of this and you get really
tight Josh show ease pictures have
gotten better and better every year okay
so the representation that you see there
were there photos online they're pretty
solid I will add that you know like for
example here on my quest there are some
details in the graphic I don't know if
you pick up that kind of smoke effect
there or not that just you know you
really can't get from a photo you get
this thing in your hand and it just
screams quality you know you can see
there's some metal flake there and a
smoke you drafted this is the clear coat
perfection right the field events nice
and firm great quality that is one of
the areas where showy just absolutely
kicks butt their quality is just
maddening okay and they were accuracy
the reproduction that quality is just so
consistent throughout their line I think
they do an amazing job when it comes to
so that you know kind of is the initial
impression when you pull it out of the
box looks great feels great everything
is just right
Qwest was billed as kind of the ultimate
you know Tory style riding helmet okay
if you've been to our site before
watching my videos your priority figured
out my preference my riding part was
really on the racetrack I like to do
some racing I like you lot of trad days
or fronting sport bike drive time and
that's where I tested this helmet I rode
in it quite a bit okay so I wrote in it
in a tuck all right hanging off the bike
through the corners and then I also made
an effort on some of the straightaways
due just to sit up right at varying
speeds to get an idea of how well this
thing perform and I have to say that it
worked good and pretty much everybody
position there wasn't one position
around like man and a tuck this helmets
no good it's it sucks still flow good
air like that right float great air when
I was sitting up through the corners the
aerodynamic properties helmets abilities
very solid right deal division huge
right this uses the new shield
configuration we're talk more about that
aside and says a pin lock on this and I
want to tell you guys about that just
phenomenal feature a few extra dollars
but totally worth it comfort amazing
right a little roomier perhaps a little
more spacious feeling and say the our
1100 or the x12 not a bad lip still got
a great fit from this helmet that would
be at home for road riding or race track
duty okay not now this by slight is
maybe next 12 can feel okay a little
more roomier than that but this thing
you could use them every discipline if
you're a street dealing do some street
riding and you like you subtract days
perfect you use this helmet in both
arenas with no issue ventilation from
this we've got our intakes here in the
chin and up on the top of the helmet got
some exhaust fence here in the back
surprisingly good I expected it to be a
little less than it was I had zero
issues with the cooling of this helmet
right
it was absolutely adequate for me you
can get a little more out of the 1100
sure all right but this
was really all that I needed and he did
a phenomenal job and that was in the
very erotic positions really didn't
notice anything out of the ordinary
material they're using in a liar feels
great against the skin who can judge
that better than a bald guy right
if the helmets rough that kind of Tears
me out a little bit the on and off
not this one absolutely silky smooth
really enjoyed the fit the feel in the
comfort of this home and I couldn't say
enough good things about that from the
moment I took it out of the box and put
it on right through the last time I rode
in it just spot-on felt phenomenal use
the same shield shield mechanism that
you see in the 11-hundred and the x12
and that's the Loras kind of got these
spring-loaded cams right or down it kind
of sucks it bad good positive seal the
Shelby helmets their shields don't come
with any fog free treatment okay a lot
of other brands out there they're doing
that today and with varying
effectiveness some work great like
scorpions there's some home runs
probably the best in the business
lasts a long time to show in a different
direction they've partnered up with pin
lock and they use the pin lock product
for those that need the fog free
performance you can spend a few extra
dollars I know nobody loves the
additional expense but I got to tell you
I used it in this helmet okay with this
shield and it is phenomenal you can't
fog this thing period the one that I use
the model of the pin lock feel that I
used for the C wf1 feel okay that is the
one with the race tear off post okay it
uses a little larger pin lock insert
okay and where this differs to their
stock pin lock stuff is not only in the
size of the insert but also if you're
going to go the route of the CW off of
the tear off post
okay the tint is built into the shield
not into the actual pin lock insert for
example here I've got a nice dark
conceal I'm only in the track guy on
ride when it's dark out so me this
fine they have a clear and they have
like a high-definition yellow - okay so
if you're going to use the bigger insert
right go to CWF Rob you have to choose a
tenure shield and kind of live with it
because this is clear if you go the
other pinlock Rob the shield itself the
outer shield is clear and you can buy
the tinted inserts and of course the
inserts are more affordable than the
shield itself is a good shield mechanism
easy on Easy Off
right with our quest we've got a movable
cheek pads you know that's nice you know
if you want to wash them you remember
you can still wash the inside of the
helmet if you need to do so right just
kind of you know very mild soap water
rinse it well kind of let it air dry
right it's not going to hurt the helmet
to get it wet we have a more detailed
review where we show you how to take it
apart and put it back together all I
want to do is just lock this up and say
this is a great helmet it's a great
value
you know they've done away with the TCR
so not only showing the premium full
face line but with God we've got next 12
are 1,100 and then the quest and I got
to tell you this thing absolutely in my
opinion over delivers all your
expectations if you're even remotely
thinking about getting one of these to
pull a trigger you're going to love it
crazy quiet solid ventilation great
shield options and the comfort is the
absolutely ridiculous that's it I'm
going to end the love fest right here
they did a great job on them they should
be really proud of it
I'm Brian van from
sportbiketrackgear.com